- [???](#)


#### {"prefix_len": 5128, "max_new_tokens": 1500, "min_length": 1000, "do_sample": true, "early_stopping": false, "num_beams": 1, "temperature": 1.0, "top_k": 50, "top_p": 0.95, "typical_p": 1.0, "repetition_penalty": 1.0, "length_penalty": 1.0, "no_repeat_ngram_size": 10, "num_return_sequences": 1, "num_beam_groups": 1}
### ???
## ???

 So if a divine entity was to pass through Dimension X, how would its body effect a particle that would be moving through Dimension Y, for instance, as we might see in the case above?

So if you think about it, how can particles move through different dimensions? Let's look closer at the laws of physics to understand the answer to this question. As we all know, objects in space-time cannot pass through each other; they cannot change direction or speed without experiencing acceleration and force. According to Newton's equations of motion, the only thing that causes an object to change direction is acceleration. So why don't particles simply change direction or speed without experiencing force or acceleration? Well apparently they do - they can "ride" spacetime curvature to move from one place to another.

The problem is, this behavior doesn't happen in the physical world. We live in a 4D universe that is much smaller than our own. The only thing that has any effect on the motion of objects in space-time is spacetime curvature (which we can "ride" to get anywhere we want in our universe), and because of this, the laws of physics and relativity only take into account the effects of spacetime curvature. However, if we apply an acceleration (like when someone is moving fast through spacetime) to an object, the object's motion is altered relative to objects at rest - and the only thing that can change the object's motion relative to an object at rest is curvature, which the object must experience. This means if someone is accelerating an object while it is moving through spacetime, the object will not change direction relative to the object in space. In other words, we can "ride" spacetime curvature to move the way we want - but there is no change to the object's motion relative to objects in space!

So even though we can "ride" spacetime curvature to get anywhere we want in space, the only thing that causes an object to move through space is acceleration. And since we can't "ride" an object to a place that we haven't already been, any movement we make is restricted to the space-time we live in.
However, the only way in which our bodies can get to other dimensions is to go to other bodies and then somehow somehow "ride" them. And while we can't "ride" our bodies to any other dimension we haven't already been, we can "ride" our bodies to dimensions higher than our own, which we know to be the 3+1 dimensional universe, as well as other 3+1 and higher-dimensional universes.

So if you had a 4D particle that could suddenly enter into another dimension without any intervening 3+1 dimensional universes first, how could it travel through those other universes? In short, if our particle could jump to another dimension, the particle would be able to move past the 3+1 dimensions without changing direction - but there could be no "ride" of the 4D particle on the 3+1 dimension that it was jumping to; the 4D particle would immediately jump back to its original dimension - so it could actually move back to where it was originally before it jumped.
So if there was no "ride" of spacetime curvature on 4D space-time, how would our particle jump back to its original dimension while still having the ability to "ride" spacetime curvature?

Well...well...well! As long as the particle stays within the 4D universe, it could move to any other dimension that is not "outer" of the 4D universe - but it would need to experience acceleration on the way to change direction - which doesn't happen in the physical world.

So if we are able to create our own 4D universes and start jumping back and forth in the same way we would on our 3+1 dimensional world, is it possible that we could create "outer" universes that we couldn't "ride" or interact with? I think not; at the most we could "ride" and interact with "outer" universes in the way we could in 3+1 dimensions, but these "outer" universes would have to exist in other dimensions higher than 3+1, like the higher-dimensional space-time known as infinity. We would be in an infinite realm of possibilities - and it would make a lot of sense if the Universe we had at the time of our birth was a 4D world. But since the Universe we are in now is basically a 3+1-dimensional space-time, we know that there could be "outer" universes that we couldn't create! :)

So if we are able to create our own "outer" universes (outside the Universe we are currently in) and make our own "outer" particles, then it might not be too difficult to jump back and forth in the universes that we have created! How about that, hmm? Let's see what happens!

A:

How could this happen?
There are two main reasons for this:
As you said, there are infinite dimensions. Then you can jump to any other "outer" dimension that you don't care about. Let's take the 3+1 dimensional case and consider the infinite dimension of zero. What happens if you start walking around with it in your hands? You won't be able to move around in this infinite dimension because everything in this infinite dimension is 0. You don't want to try to walk into this infinite dimension. This shows why you can't "ride" the curvature of space.
As far as the other infinite dimensions go, we are talking about space-time. Then you can only jump to a "outer" space-time dimension that you care about. You can create such an infinite dimensional space-time with all of your mind. Then you can start moving around in this infinite space-time dimension and try to "ride" to every space-time dimension. Or if you don't have such a mind-set, you can take a plane wave in which the frequency is infinite and move into this infinite space-time dimension.
I can think of two main ways to create and jump to an infinite space-time dimension, as an alternative to the above ideas. The first way is to create an infinite "outer" space-time dimension and go into that infinite dimension, and then make yourself look at it as a 3+1 dimensional space-time as you do in 3+1 dimensions. Then when you get in that infinite space-time dimension, you can make a 3+1 dimension look like a 4d space-time. In that case, I would also call that a 'plane wave' in that infinite space-time dimension. Or you can create an infinite space-time dimension without using an infinite wave, as I mentioned earlier. You create a 3+1 dimension and you create an infinite space-time dimension. Then you create a 3+1 dimension with a 3+1 wave and you create an infinite space-time dimension with an infinite wave.
The other way you can create an infinite space-time dimension is by using another finite space-time dimension. When you create an infinite space-time dimension, you need to put something in it, and in this case it is a 'particle'. To create an infinite space-time dimension, you need one kind of matter that can 'ride' the curvature of space-time. If you create an infinite space-time dimension without using an infinitesimal particle, you will not have a space-time at all.
If you create an infinite space-time with a particle, the thing that 'rides' the curvature of space-time in this infinite space-time is still an infinite